Presentation Feedback

TERRA TIDWELL
1. HTTP Request Smuggling
2. They did a really good job on making the slides
3. Maybe having their hands visible in the camera could have enhanced the experience a bit, but overall it was just really good. I do think the structure could have been a bit more streamlined.
4. The video recording quality bitrate was pretty bad which made the text unreadable in some instances, but that was tackled through a good explantation by her. I would consider it to be a neglegible problem.

ADAM WEINSTEIN
1. MD5 and Certificate forgery
2. The structure of their explanation was pretty good. He was explaining really well.
3. I think the energy at the start of the presentation could have been a bit better for Adam.
4. That was a pretty cool presentation honestly, I just think the start could have been better.

CHAOCHIN YANG
1. Fuzzing closed source JS
2. They got my attention right off the bat, good narration and a good flow.
3. I got a bit lost in CHAOCHIN's part, I feel like it needed a bit of color in the narration. As a presenter I have realised it is important to keep the audience engaged. I have made the same mistakes on mine.
4. Really interesting topic, learnt some new things for it that I am interested to look more into.

RYAN CLAYTON
1. Stopping Tor Connections
2. A strong and simple introduction that recapped on what they are going to present on really well.
3. I feel like the coordination of the speakers could have been better. I believe that having the same energy across the speakers allows better consistency.
4. Really cool topic that targeted enterprise as a attacker. In usual cases, it's the opposite.

RYAN JENSEN
1. 'Heartbleed', A memory buffer overflow bug
2. A very strong explanation. The slides were really good and concise. Ryan's explanation was very easy to understand.
3. Maybe having Aditya facecam would have made his sections more desirable from an audience perspective.
4. Overall a very good presentation.

QUANG PHAM
1. Code Injection - Twitter CRLF Injection
2. Good structure and flow. The energy was good and I was focused on what he was saying.
3. He could have improved the audio quality a little bit, it was hard to understand the words in some cases, due to the quality of the audio, it was too compressed.
4. It was a cool code injection vulnerability to learn about.

